I'm thinking there will be six to eight "major" characters, and three of them will be "main" characters
Main char 1: a naturally attractive and charismatic type who generally always felt pessimistic and unmotivated before the start of the story, feeling generally depressed after his girlfriend died unexpectedly.  he wears glasses and has a firm but friendly atmosphere. he can be just funny enough to get you to like him without trying too hard.
Main char 2: a less sociable type, he enjoys immortalizing the activities he and his friends share with his camera. for him, this event is a stabilizing defense mechanism, a sense of control in his life. both of his parents were reasonably well-known photographers, and he picked up the video camera via loose family affiliation with the topic. he is a frail individual, but has a strong sense of justice; he doesn't think of himself as important enough to ever make a difference, but he does have strong opinions on what he thinks SHOULD happen. he favors efficiency and progress to the experience of the few politically. in round one, his disbelief in himself causes him not to realize that he in fact has one of the most useful artifacts at all: it can relay information to the next round. in round two, he becomes a sort of self-appointed leader, which causes him to occasionally butt heads with mc1. he is very frantic in this state and becomes an immensely pedantic perfectionist (which is pretty damn annoying).
<<<<<<< HEAD
Main char 3: an excitable girl who takes an odd corner case of the gurren lagann stance, she just wants to have as much fun as she can and will roll over everyone else to do so. she believes that battles of human instinct, all rash and powerful, are the most entertaining sport imaginable. battles of wit, strength, or social prowess are all competitions she will engage in. she nearly always wins, and claims it is that she believes that she will win with all her being. she has a tendency to not think of society as a singular valuable entity but rather to determine validity of a decision by analyzing personal gains; that is, fuck society, do what the fuck you want. she is one of the first, if not the first, character to accept that the looping the universe is experiencing is unlikely to be avoided, and that continuation of the same cycle is literally pointless and no different to any particular instance of her than just letting the universes end. she isn't always the best at making friends due to her competitive, tomboyish nature and the fact that she is actually more intelligent than most of the people she encounters.
=======
Main char 3: an excitable girl who takes an odd corner case of the gurren lagann stance, she just wants to have as much fun as she can and will roll over everyone else to do so. she believes that battles of human instinct, all rash and powerful, are the most entertaining sport imaginable. battles of wit, strength, or social prowess are all competitions she will engage in. she nearly always wins, and claims it is that she believes that she will win with all her being. she has a tendency to not think of society as a singular valuable entity but rather to determine validity of a decision by analyzing personal gains; that is, fuck society, do what the fuck you want. she is one of the first, if not the first, character to accept that the looping the universe is experiencing is unlikely to be avoided, and that continuation of the same cycle is literally pointless and no different to any particular instance of her than just letting the universes end. she isn't always the best at making friends due to her competitive, tomboyish nature and the fact that she is actually more intelligent than most of the people she encounters.

- jake
>>>>>>> dc4fc60be783b40e81fedad6686fbaa35bb5358b
